Miss, thank you Xiaoxiao for visiting.
Xie Linglong
How dare he come
I heard that you were taken away for a day and a night
It was hard to escape
Specially came to see me
What nonsense is Miss Xie talking about?
Our lady has always been in the mansion and has never gone out
What are you doing?
Hit you again
How dare you kidnap me?
You should know
I won't let you go when I come back.
You have no evidence
I have no evidence.
But you don't need proof against people like you
I just hit you, what can you do?
I not only hit you
I'm going to kill you!
Zhang Wangyue
I am the future princess
You kill me!
You just wait to be executed
Without proof, who would know that I killed you?